God can't watch it anymore
Finally come through
Miss Liu, you are welcome.
From now on, we are partners
Please also advise
Second child, Tonglong Group's project
The bidding conference has ended.
So you can play now. No.
That's not what the big brother said
You jump to conclusions before you even hear the results
Are you in a hurry?
What good happened to this result?
Whoever wins the bidding may be in his blood
So you let the blue blood bid in the first place
It's to make things difficult on purpose
We talk as a family
What are you an outsider talking about?
And so what if it's difficult?
It was because of him
Let our Liu family lose face
It's the talent and demerit of winning the bidding
Brother, you said before
If Qingxue wins the bidding, he can return to the Liu family
Yes, I said that as long as you win the bidding, don't say go back to the Liu family
Even if I give him a weapon for longevity ranking
Did everyone win the bidding?
My ass
Insider information has been sent out before
Wanjia was determined in this bidding conference
What do you take with Wanjia?
Without winning the bidding, everything is over
Now get out
Uncle, I'm afraid you will be disappointed this time.
Yesterday's bidding conference of the Panglong Group
Winning the bidding is
Nonsense
Don't say that Wanjia has been predetermined
Even if there is no default
It's not your turn to blog
Exactly.
You haven't worked on a commercial project in years?
Tenglong Group is only blind
I will give you the project.
I don't know if Tenglong Group is blind or not
But if you're not blind
See what this is.